Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
Q:	Why do WASPs play golf ?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Q:	Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:	To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"
Knock, knock!
	Who's there?
Sam and Janet.
	Sam and Janet who?
Sam and Janet Evening...
You will be run over by a bus.
Q:	Why do ducks have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out forest fires.

Q:	Why do elephants have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out flaming ducks.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed
down-stairs a step at a time.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately,
they're not all recommended.
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain
You will gain money by an immoral action.
Q:	Why do WASPs play golf ?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.
There is a fly on your nose.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.
Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
You now have Asian Flu.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Is this really happening?
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.
Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm
as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a
man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the
right road: a man like Alf Romeo.
		-- Rachel Sheeley, winner

The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never
see her little dog Pritzi again.
		-- Claudia Fields, runner-up

It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a
tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it
was determined that Byron was simply a jerk.
		-- Jeff Jahnke, runner-up

Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.  The contest is
named after the author of the immortal lines:  "It was a dark and stormy
night."  The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the
worst possible novel.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with
commoner things.  It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God
over all the fruits of the earth.  When one has tasted it, he knows what the
angels eat.  It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because
she repented.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain
You will pass away very quickly.
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"
You will be run over by a bus.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
Reply hazy, ask again later.
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
So so is good, very good, very excellent good:
and yet it is not; it is but so so.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
Knucklehead:	"Knock, knock"
Pee Wee:	"Who's there?"
Knucklehead:	"Little ol' lady."
Pee Wee:	"Liddle ol' lady who?"
Knucklehead:	"I didn't know you could yodel"
Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]

Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
October 12, the Discovery.

It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss
it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain
It was all so different before everything changed.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
Tempt not a desperate man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
You'll be sorry...
You will triumph over your enemy.
You have no real enemies.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Many pages make a thick book.
Q:	Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:	To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by Wm. Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to
a new town.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into
use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather
which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
		-- Mark Twain
Someone is speaking well of you.
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion
that makes horse-races.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain
English literature's performing flea.
		-- Sean O'Casey on P. G. Wodehouse
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain
You will gain money by an immoral action.
October 12, the Discovery.

It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss
it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You will triumph over your enemy.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
"Good afternoon, madam.  How may I help you?"

"Good afternoon.  I'd like a FrintArms HandCannon, please."

"A--?  Oh, now, that's an awfully big gun for such a lovely lady.  I
mean, not everybody thinks ladies should carry guns at all, though I
say they have a right to.  But I think... I might... Let's have a look
down here.  I might have just the thing for you.  Yes, here we are!
Look at that, isn't it neat?  Now that is a FrintArms product as well,
but it's what's called a laser -- a light-pistol some people call
them.  Very small, as you see; fits easily into a pocket or bag; won't
spoil the line of a jacket; and you won't feel you're lugging half a
tonne of iron around with you.  We do a range of matching accessories,
including -- if I may say so -- a rather saucy garter holster.  Wish I
got to do the fitting for that!  Ha -- just my little joke.  And
there's *even*... here we are -- this special presentation pack: gun,
charged battery, charging unit, beautiful glider-hide shoulder holster
with adjustable fitting and contrast stitching, and a discount on your
next battery.  Full instructions, of course, and a voucher for free
lessons at your local gun club or range.  Or there's the *special*
presentation pack; it has all the other one's got but with *two*
charged batteries and a night-sight, too.  Here, feel that -- don't
worry, it's a dummy battery -- isn't it neat?  Feel how light it is?
Smooth, see?  No bits to stick out and catch on your clothes, *and*
beautifully balanced.  And of course the beauty of a laser is, there's
no recoil.  Because it's shooting light, you see?  Beautiful gun,
beautiful gun; my wife has one.  Really.  That's not a line, she
really has.  Now, I can do you that one -- with a battery and a free
charge -- for ninety-five; or the presentation pack on a special
offer for one-nineteen; or this, the special presentation pack, for
one-forty-nine."

"I'll take the special."

"Sound choice, madam, *sound* choice.  Now, do--?"

"And a HandCannon, with the eighty-mill silencer, five GP clips, three
six-five AP/wire-fl'echettes clips, two bipropellant HE clips, and a
Special Projectile Pack if you have one -- the one with the embedding
rounds, not the signalers.  I assume the night-sight on this toy is
compatible?"

"Aah... yes,  And how does madam wish to pay?"

She slapped her credit card on the counter.  "Eventually."

		-- Iain M. Banks, "Against a Dark Background"
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
		-- Mark Twain
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is
but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise
man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets
	struck by lightning first.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
		-- Mark Twain
Your aim is high and to the right.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
"I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying.  The
absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me
Deadpan Allie and lie.
		-- Pat Cadigan, "Mindplayers"
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Q:	How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.  Then it passes off and I'm
as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.

Buy the negatives at any price.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21
A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
So this is it.  We're going to die.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.
Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
You will be run over by a beer truck.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
