Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately,
it can still be changed today.
Truth will out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession.
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy
officials have gone by.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Q:	How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.
Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One less drunk.
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
There was a phone call for you.
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).
Training is everything.  The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is
nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
		-- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Do not overtax your powers.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your present plans will be successful.
"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of
Congress.  But I repeat myself.
		-- Mark Twain
Never give an inch!
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
Q:	How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
So so is good, very good, very excellent good:
and yet it is not; it is but so so.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]

Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Q:	What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney?
A:	An offer you can't understand.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
You may my glories and my state dispose,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
A:	"The elephants are coming over the hill."

Q:	What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing
		sunglasses?
A:	Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A doberman.
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is
but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise
man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
Your step will soil many countries.
Tempt not a desperate man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
		-- Mark Twain
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
You fill a much-needed gap.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
Q:	Why do WASPs play golf ?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I
cannot remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to
go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.
The notes blatted skyward as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
The Least Perceptive Literary Critic
	The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.  A
most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to
give a public reading of his latest poem.
	Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord
Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me."
	Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable
and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.  "Be so good as to mark
the place and consider at your leisure.  I'm sure you can give it a better
turn."
	After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.  "There is no need to touch the
lines," he said.  "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on
Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation
on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.  I have known him
much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event."
	Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem
exactly as it was before.  His unique critical faculties had lost none of
their edge.  "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right.  Nothing can
be better."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion
that makes horse-races.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
October.

This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.

The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June,
December, August, and February.

		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
Chicken Little was right.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.
Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magi LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
	My dear People.
	My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks,
and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers,
Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots.  Also my good
Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End.  Today is my
one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!"
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of
24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- Shakespeare
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.
Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]
Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Q:	How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Five.  One to screw in the light bulb and four to share the
		experience.  (Actually, Californians don't screw in
		light bulbs, they screw in hot tubs.)

Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the light bulb and two to fend off all
		those Californians trying to share the experience.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
Q:	How does the Polish Constitution differ from the American?
A:	Under the Polish Constitution citizens are guaranteed freedom of
	speech, but under the United States constitution they are
	guaranteed freedom after speech.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
