Save energy: be apathetic.
Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5
A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
You're definitely on their list.  The question to ask next is what list it is.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"
I got a hint of things to come when I overheard my boss lamenting, 'The
books are done and we still don't have an author! I must sign someone
today!
		-- Tamim Ansary, "Edutopia Magazine, Issue 2, November 2004"
		   on the topic of school textbooks
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.  It settles everything.
Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with
commoner things.  It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God
over all the fruits of the earth.  When one has tasted it, he knows what the
angels eat.  It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because
she repented.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.
Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
very thin paper.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Q:	What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
A:	"The elephants are coming over the hill."

Q:	What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing
		sunglasses?
A:	Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.
Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
For years a secret shame destroyed my peace--
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"
Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.
Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain
Make a wish, it might come true.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
		-- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Your lucky color has faded.
Q:	What do you call the money you pay to the government when
	you ride into the country on the back of an elephant?
A:	A howdah duty.
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Training is everything.  The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is
nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie;
and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head
into the shop. "What! no soap?" So he died, and she very imprudently
married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand
Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all
fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran
out at the heels of their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night
to write.
		-- Saul Bellow
Is this really happening?
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
		-- J.P. Donleavy
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.  I
will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The Spirits of all
Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out the lessons that they
teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).
The notes blatted skyward as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"
For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
		-- Mark Twain
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
Just to have it is enough.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is
in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot
stove-lid.  She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that
is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- Shakespeare
Delay not, Caesar.  Read it instantly.
		-- Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1

Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to I/O system services.]
	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Through the Looking Glass"
You will be run over by a beer truck.
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
Q:	How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
It's a very *__UN*lucky week in which to be took dead.
		-- Churchy La Femme
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You now have Asian Flu.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night
to write.
		-- Saul Bellow
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I
cannot remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to
go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition
You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
You dialed 5483.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be run over by a beer truck.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
