You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
Q:	Why do ducks have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out forest fires.

Q:	Why do elephants have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out flaming ducks.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain
You are capable of planning your future.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining
ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror
to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the
mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam
in 1959.
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him.  "Cabbages and potatoes are better
for you and me."
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
"... all the modern inconveniences ..."
		-- Mark Twain
Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles
as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
At once it struck me what quality went to form a man of achievement,
especially in literature, and which Shakespeare possessed so enormously
-- I mean negative capability, that is, when a man is capable of being
in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching
after fact and reason.
		-- John Keats
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- Shakespeare
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
There are more things in heaven and earth,
Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Hamlet"
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
You have no real enemies.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Disappearance of Literature"
Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining
ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror
to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the
mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam
in 1959.
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
Q:	How many Martians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	One and a half.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
If you can read this, you're too close.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- Shakespeare
Don't get to bragging.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
Be careful!  Is it classified?
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So long
as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks
into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins, its rate is
a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, Prince of Amber
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
There was a phone call for you.
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13
A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is
but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise
man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
Chess tonight.
Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
If you can read this, you're too close.
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
		-- Joan Didion, "Slouching Towards Bethlehem"
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference
between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain
Blow it out your ear.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
You will triumph over your enemy.
Chicken Little was right.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You're definitely on their list.  The question to ask next is what list it is.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is because we
are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with
commoner things.  It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God
over all the fruits of the earth.  When one has tasted it, he knows what the
angels eat.  It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because
she repented.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Increased knowledge will help you now.  Have mate's phone bugged.
Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the light bulb and two to fend off all those
	Californians trying to share the experience.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!'
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into
use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather
which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
		-- Mark Twain
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt
is concerned.
	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15
A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Never reveal your best argument.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Q:	How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Q:	Why do WASPs play golf ?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You should go home.
Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must
have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Q:	How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time
to reform.
		-- Mark Twain
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
Go to a movie tonight.  Darkness becomes you.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.
October.

This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.

The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June,
December, August, and February.

		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
You will have a long and boring life.
