Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.
Q:	How many Martians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	One and a half.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Give him an evasive answer.
The Least Perceptive Literary Critic
	The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.  A
most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to
give a public reading of his latest poem.
	Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord
Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me."
	Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable
and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.  "Be so good as to mark
the place and consider at your leisure.  I'm sure you can give it a better
turn."
	After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.  "There is no need to touch the
lines," he said.  "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on
Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation
on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.  I have known him
much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event."
	Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem
exactly as it was before.  His unique critical faculties had lost none of
their edge.  "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right.  Nothing can
be better."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You have a truly strong individuality.
Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
very thin paper.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time
to reform.
		-- Mark Twain
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
So this is it.  We're going to die.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion
that makes horse-races.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately,
they're not all recommended.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
		-- Mark Twain
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
		-- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference
between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your step will soil many countries.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15
A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!'
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
A morgue is a morgue is a morgue.  They can paint the walls with aggressively
cheerful primary colors and splashy bold graphics, but it's still a holding
place for the dead until they can be parted out to organ banks.  Not that I
would have cared normally but my viewpoint was skewed.  The relentless
pleasance of the room I sat in seemed only grotesque.
		-- Pat Cadigan, "Mindplayers"
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13
A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
You are as I am with You.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.
In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into
use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather
which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
		-- Mark Twain
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
So this is it.  We're going to die.
Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain
Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus
You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The Least Successful Collector
	Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.  She
was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had
amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the
works of Shakespeare.
	One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond
legibility.  Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.  The
remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
	The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned
the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The Hisory of the
French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles
as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So long
as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks
into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins, its rate is
a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, Prince of Amber
Your step will soil many countries.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
Slow day.  Practice crawling.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.
Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.
You are standing on my toes.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra
Q:	What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous?
A:	A canary with the super-user password.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Long life is in store for you.
Q:	How many Martians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	One and a half.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
The Least Successful Collector
	Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.  She
was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had
amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the
works of Shakespeare.
	One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond
legibility.  Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.  The
remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
	The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned
the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The Hisory of the
French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier
to do.
"Good afternoon, madam.  How may I help you?"

"Good afternoon.  I'd like a FrintArms HandCannon, please."

"A--?  Oh, now, that's an awfully big gun for such a lovely lady.  I
mean, not everybody thinks ladies should carry guns at all, though I
say they have a right to.  But I think... I might... Let's have a look
down here.  I might have just the thing for you.  Yes, here we are!
Look at that, isn't it neat?  Now that is a FrintArms product as well,
but it's what's called a laser -- a light-pistol some people call
them.  Very small, as you see; fits easily into a pocket or bag; won't
spoil the line of a jacket; and you won't feel you're lugging half a
tonne of iron around with you.  We do a range of matching accessories,
including -- if I may say so -- a rather saucy garter holster.  Wish I
got to do the fitting for that!  Ha -- just my little joke.  And
there's *even*... here we are -- this special presentation pack: gun,
charged battery, charging unit, beautiful glider-hide shoulder holster
with adjustable fitting and contrast stitching, and a discount on your
next battery.  Full instructions, of course, and a voucher for free
lessons at your local gun club or range.  Or there's the *special*
presentation pack; it has all the other one's got but with *two*
charged batteries and a night-sight, too.  Here, feel that -- don't
worry, it's a dummy battery -- isn't it neat?  Feel how light it is?
Smooth, see?  No bits to stick out and catch on your clothes, *and*
beautifully balanced.  And of course the beauty of a laser is, there's
no recoil.  Because it's shooting light, you see?  Beautiful gun,
beautiful gun; my wife has one.  Really.  That's not a line, she
really has.  Now, I can do you that one -- with a battery and a free
charge -- for ninety-five; or the presentation pack on a special
offer for one-nineteen; or this, the special presentation pack, for
one-forty-nine."

"I'll take the special."

"Sound choice, madam, *sound* choice.  Now, do--?"

"And a HandCannon, with the eighty-mill silencer, five GP clips, three
six-five AP/wire-fl'echettes clips, two bipropellant HE clips, and a
Special Projectile Pack if you have one -- the one with the embedding
rounds, not the signalers.  I assume the night-sight on this toy is
compatible?"

"Aah... yes,  And how does madam wish to pay?"

She slapped her credit card on the counter.  "Eventually."

		-- Iain M. Banks, "Against a Dark Background"
	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt
of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.  He
brought death into the world.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Make a wish, it might come true.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior executive.
You will have a long and boring life.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
For years a secret shame destroyed my peace--
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson.
She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain
