You will be married within a year.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.
You are as I am with You.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
very thin paper.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"
Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Beware the one behind you.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
		-- Shakespeare, "King Lear"
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain
It was all so different before everything changed.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
Training is everything.  The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is
nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
