A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things
than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier
to do.
Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt
is concerned.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Q:	What's the difference betweeen USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
At once it struck me what quality went to form a man of achievement,
especially in literature, and which Shakespeare possessed so enormously
-- I mean negative capability, that is, when a man is capable of being
in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching
after fact and reason.
		-- John Keats
Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous?
A:	A canary with the super-user password.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed
down-stairs a step at a time.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21
A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
You will never know hunger.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey begain -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!
Q:	Why did the germ cross the microscope?
A:	To get to the other slide.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15
A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with
commoner things.  It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God
over all the fruits of the earth.  When one has tasted it, he knows what the
angels eat.  It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because
she repented.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Knock, knock!
	Who's there?
Sam and Janet.
	Sam and Janet who?
Sam and Janet Evening...
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoevski

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.
Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
Be different: conform.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One less drunk.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
Q:	What's the difference betweeen USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
You are going to have a new love affair.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made
school boards.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you
have few friends.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
You fill a much-needed gap.
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Q:	How many journalists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to report it as an inspired government program to bring
	light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot
	to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a Pulitzer prize for
	reporting that Electric Company hired a light bulb-assassin to break
	the bulb in the first place.
You love peace.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Make a wish, it might come true.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
Today is the last day of your life so far.
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
		-- T.S. Eliot
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- Shakespeare
Blow it out your ear.
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
Q:	What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
A:	The impossible dream.
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.  I
will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The Spirits of all
Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out the lessons that they
teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion
that makes horse-races.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him.  "Cabbages and potatoes are better
for you and me."
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Q:	How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
Condense soup, not books!
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
You dialed 5483.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
		-- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
