Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.
Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is because we
are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.  It settles everything.
Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
You will be married within a year.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
There was a phone call for you.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that
you're growing into.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- Shakespeare
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promply
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all light bulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
Q:	What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney?
A:	An offer you can't understand.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain
Your love life will be... interesting.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
There was a phone call for you.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
		-- Mark Twain
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
Just to have it is enough.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.  Except a
creature be part coward it is not a compliment to say it is brave; it is merely
a loose misapplication of the word.  Consider the flea!--incomparably the
bravest of all the creatures of God, if ignorance of fear were courage.
Whether you are asleep or awake he will attack you, caring nothing for the fact
that in bulk and strength you are to him as are the massed armies of the earth
to a sucking child; he lives both day and night and all days and nights in the
very lap of peril and the immediate presence of death, and yet is no more
afraid than is the man who walks the streets of a city that was threatened by
an earthquake ten centuries before.  When we speak of Clive, Nelson, and Putnam
as men who "didn't know what fear was," we ought always to add the flea--and
put him at the head of the procession.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The countdown had stalled at 'T' minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.  It settles everything.
Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
