Be cautious in your daily affairs.
You will be run over by a bus.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
ROMEO:		Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO:	No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide
			as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him.  "Cabbages and potatoes are better
for you and me."
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
There was a phone call for you.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
Cold hands, no gloves.
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be married within a year.
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE!
	FEAR! FIRE! FOES!
		AWAKE! AWAKE!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his
argument.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
You will be run over by a bus.
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with
commoner things.  It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God
over all the fruits of the earth.  When one has tasted it, he knows what the
angels eat.  It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because
she repented.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is
but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise
man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...
