Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
You are as I am with You.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Oh, and have a nice day!
		-- Bryce Nesbitt '84
It's all in the mind, ya know.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
For a light heart lives long.
		-- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
"Good afternoon, madam.  How may I help you?"

"Good afternoon.  I'd like a FrintArms HandCannon, please."

"A--?  Oh, now, that's an awfully big gun for such a lovely lady.  I
mean, not everybody thinks ladies should carry guns at all, though I
say they have a right to.  But I think... I might... Let's have a look
down here.  I might have just the thing for you.  Yes, here we are!
Look at that, isn't it neat?  Now that is a FrintArms product as well,
but it's what's called a laser -- a light-pistol some people call
them.  Very small, as you see; fits easily into a pocket or bag; won't
spoil the line of a jacket; and you won't feel you're lugging half a
tonne of iron around with you.  We do a range of matching accessories,
including -- if I may say so -- a rather saucy garter holster.  Wish I
got to do the fitting for that!  Ha -- just my little joke.  And
there's *even*... here we are -- this special presentation pack: gun,
charged battery, charging unit, beautiful glider-hide shoulder holster
with adjustable fitting and contrast stitching, and a discount on your
next battery.  Full instructions, of course, and a voucher for free
lessons at your local gun club or range.  Or there's the *special*
presentation pack; it has all the other one's got but with *two*
charged batteries and a night-sight, too.  Here, feel that -- don't
worry, it's a dummy battery -- isn't it neat?  Feel how light it is?
Smooth, see?  No bits to stick out and catch on your clothes, *and*
beautifully balanced.  And of course the beauty of a laser is, there's
no recoil.  Because it's shooting light, you see?  Beautiful gun,
beautiful gun; my wife has one.  Really.  That's not a line, she
really has.  Now, I can do you that one -- with a battery and a free
charge -- for ninety-five; or the presentation pack on a special
offer for one-nineteen; or this, the special presentation pack, for
one-forty-nine."

"I'll take the special."

"Sound choice, madam, *sound* choice.  Now, do--?"

"And a HandCannon, with the eighty-mill silencer, five GP clips, three
six-five AP/wire-fl'echettes clips, two bipropellant HE clips, and a
Special Projectile Pack if you have one -- the one with the embedding
rounds, not the signalers.  I assume the night-sight on this toy is
compatible?"

"Aah... yes,  And how does madam wish to pay?"

She slapped her credit card on the counter.  "Eventually."

		-- Iain M. Banks, "Against a Dark Background"
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promply
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all light bulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt
of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.  He
brought death into the world.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.  It settles everything.
Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5
A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use
in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his
argument.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Avoid reality at all costs.
You are as I am with You.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use
in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
You will never know hunger.
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
You have a truly strong individuality.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE
"SOMEONE ELSE."
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- Shakespeare
You have a truly strong individuality.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
There was a phone call for you.
If you can read this, you're too close.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of
24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and
enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to
lend money.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You will be married within a year.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15
A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
The Least Perceptive Literary Critic
	The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.  A
most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to
give a public reading of his latest poem.
	Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord
Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me."
	Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable
and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.  "Be so good as to mark
the place and consider at your leisure.  I'm sure you can give it a better
turn."
	After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.  "There is no need to touch the
lines," he said.  "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on
Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation
on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.  I have known him
much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event."
	Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem
exactly as it was before.  His unique critical faculties had lost none of
their edge.  "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right.  Nothing can
be better."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"
The Least Perceptive Literary Critic
	The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.  A
most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to
give a public reading of his latest poem.
	Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord
Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me."
	Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable
and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.  "Be so good as to mark
the place and consider at your leisure.  I'm sure you can give it a better
turn."
	After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.  "There is no need to touch the
lines," he said.  "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on
Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation
on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.  I have known him
much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event."
	Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem
exactly as it was before.  His unique critical faculties had lost none of
their edge.  "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right.  Nothing can
be better."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Beware the one behind you.
Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be
sorry.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
It's all in the mind, ya know.
You are always busy.
Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey begain -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition.  There was once a man
who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that
there were too many prehistoric toads in it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You'll be sorry...
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your
life in such a mess.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey
You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A doberman.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with
commoner things.  It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God
over all the fruits of the earth.  When one has tasted it, he knows what the
angels eat.  It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because
she repented.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference
between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
You will be awarded some great honor.
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux
You are going to have a new love affair.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the
difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use
in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
Give him an evasive answer.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You look tired.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt
is concerned.
Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
So this is it.  We're going to die.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magi LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Do not overtax your powers.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.
You fill a much-needed gap.
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Training is everything.  The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is
nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.
	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Through the Looking Glass"
Many pages make a thick book.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
So you're back... about time...
You fill a much-needed gap.
Knucklehead:	"Knock, knock"
Pee Wee:	"Who's there?"
Knucklehead:	"Little ol' lady."
Pee Wee:	"Liddle ol' lady who?"
Knucklehead:	"I didn't know you could yodel"
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed
down-stairs a step at a time.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more
deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
