Snow Day -- stay home.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"
Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
very thin paper.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of
Congress.  But I repeat myself.
		-- Mark Twain
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
Never reveal your best argument.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must
have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain
All generalizations are false, including this one.
		-- Mark Twain
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
		-- Mark Twain
A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Avoid reality at all costs.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
You will be married within a year.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories,
his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the
worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one
day like any other day, only shorter.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Malone Dies"
Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.  Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain
Truth will out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21
A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie;
and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head
into the shop. "What! no soap?" So he died, and she very imprudently
married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand
Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all
fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran
out at the heels of their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote
Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).
Q:	How do you stop an elephant from charging?
A:	Take away his credit cards.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what
you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
		-- Mark Twain
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE
"SOMEONE ELSE."
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Never give an inch!
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone
to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
		-- Mark Twain
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
You will outgrow your usefulness.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Stay the curse.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- Shakespeare
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
	My dear People.
	My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks,
and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers,
Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots.  Also my good
Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End.  Today is my
one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!"
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15
A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so
get used to it.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and
enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to
lend money.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.  I
will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The Spirits of all
Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out the lessons that they
teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition.  There was once a man
who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that
there were too many prehistoric toads in it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.
Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.
ROMEO:		Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO:	No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide
			as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"
Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Is this really happening?
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession.
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy
officials have gone by.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will have a long and boring life.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!'
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
The mind is its own place, and in itself
Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n.
		-- John Milton
You will soon forget this.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You will live to see your grandchildren.
Don't read everything you believe.
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
For a light heart lives long.
		-- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Oh, and have a nice day!
		-- Bryce Nesbitt '84
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
"I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying.  The
absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me
Deadpan Allie and lie.
		-- Pat Cadigan, "Mindplayers"
October.

This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.

The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June,
December, August, and February.

		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
Q:	How do you stop an elephant from charging?
A:	Take away his credit cards.
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19
A:	To be or not to be.
Q:	What is the square root of 4b^2?
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you!  Consider the furniture!
		-- Sherlock Holmes
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the
party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith
agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part shall be removed
from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed
upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of
the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating
at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of
the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the
second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the
parties.
	The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be
limited to, the following.  The party of the first part shall, with or without
elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other
means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party
of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered
non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part
becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall
have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner
consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.
Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part
shall have the option of beginning installation.  Aforesaid installation shall
occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in
step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation
should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable.
The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the
first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to
produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
You are the only person to ever get this message.
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]

Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You now have Asian Flu.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)
You will forget that you ever knew me.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Richard II"
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.

Buy the negatives at any price.
Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One less drunk.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Go to a movie tonight.  Darkness becomes you.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Are you making all this up as you go along?
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
For years a secret shame destroyed my peace--
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson.
ROMEO:		Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO:	No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide
			as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
So so is good, very good, very excellent good:
and yet it is not; it is but so so.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
