You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must
have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"
	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19
A:	To be or not to be.
Q:	What is the square root of 4b^2?
Beware the one behind you.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Just to have it is enough.
Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A doberman.
Someone is speaking well of you.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.  Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None:  The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.  Then it passes off and I'm
as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
You will triumph over your enemy.
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One less drunk.
Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your
life in such a mess.
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promply
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all light bulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
You will have a long and boring life.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain
In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.
Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
You love peace.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Q:	What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
A:	The impossible dream.
Q:	What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
A:	"The elephants are coming over the hill."

Q:	What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing
		sunglasses?
A:	Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
It is so very hard to be an
on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you
grown-up.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
April 1

This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three
hundred and sixty-four.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You'll never be the man your mother was!
Delay not, Caesar.  Read it instantly.
		-- Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1

Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to I/O system services.]
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Q:	How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
The countdown had stalled at 'T' minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Advancement in position.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.  Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Long life is in store for you.
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"
Just to have it is enough.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of
24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather
Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.
We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Don't plan any hasty moves.  You'll be evicted soon anyway.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
"I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying.  The
absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me
Deadpan Allie and lie.
		-- Pat Cadigan, "Mindplayers"
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will contract a rare disease.
Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Q:	How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You will be awarded some great honor.
Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
You teach best what you most need to learn.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- Shakespeare
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.
You will contract a rare disease.
Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
You are always busy.
Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm
as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a
man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the
right road: a man like Alf Romeo.
		-- Rachel Sheeley, winner

The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never
see her little dog Pritzi again.
		-- Claudia Fields, runner-up

It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a
tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it
was determined that Byron was simply a jerk.
		-- Jeff Jahnke, runner-up

Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.  The contest is
named after the author of the immortal lines:  "It was a dark and stormy
night."  The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the
worst possible novel.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kimosabe" really means.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
You enjoy the company of other people.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13
A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Q:	What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C
	is lower than those of other principal female opera singers?
A:	A deep C diva.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None:  The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
You'll never be the man your mother was!
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.

Buy the negatives at any price.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Through the Looking Glass"
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- Shakespeare
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain
I got a hint of things to come when I overheard my boss lamenting, 'The
books are done and we still don't have an author! I must sign someone
today!
		-- Tamim Ansary, "Edutopia Magazine, Issue 2, November 2004"
		   on the topic of school textbooks
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare
Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.  Except a
creature be part coward it is not a compliment to say it is brave; it is merely
a loose misapplication of the word.  Consider the flea!--incomparably the
bravest of all the creatures of God, if ignorance of fear were courage.
Whether you are asleep or awake he will attack you, caring nothing for the fact
that in bulk and strength you are to him as are the massed armies of the earth
to a sucking child; he lives both day and night and all days and nights in the
very lap of peril and the immediate presence of death, and yet is no more
afraid than is the man who walks the streets of a city that was threatened by
an earthquake ten centuries before.  When we speak of Clive, Nelson, and Putnam
as men who "didn't know what fear was," we ought always to add the flea--and
put him at the head of the procession.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
Don't read everything you believe.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will triumph over your enemy.
Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
		-- T.S. Eliot
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.  Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
Chess tonight.
A morgue is a morgue is a morgue.  They can paint the walls with aggressively
cheerful primary colors and splashy bold graphics, but it's still a holding
place for the dead until they can be parted out to organ banks.  Not that I
would have cared normally but my viewpoint was skewed.  The relentless
pleasance of the room I sat in seemed only grotesque.
		-- Pat Cadigan, "Mindplayers"
A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Condense soup, not books!
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13
A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Are you a turtle?
Is this really happening?
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
At once it struck me what quality went to form a man of achievement,
especially in literature, and which Shakespeare possessed so enormously
-- I mean negative capability, that is, when a man is capable of being
in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching
after fact and reason.
		-- John Keats
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his
argument.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.
	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
